=pod

=head1 NAME

Dist::Zilla::App::Command::installdeps - Install author dependencies for a
Dist::Zilla dist

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  dzil installdeps [--install-command="cmd"] [--no-recommends] [--suggests]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Installs all dependencies needed for building, testing, and releasing a
distribution managed by L<Dist::Zilla>. First authordeps needed to build the
distribution from F<dist.ini> are installed, then the distribution's
dependencies are installed, including the develop phase. Similar to running:

  dzil authordeps --missing | cpanm
  dzil listdeps --missing --author --cpanm-versions | cpanm

=head1 OPTIONS

=head2 --root

Root of the dist to use when reading F<dist.ini> to determine authordeps,
defaults to current working directory.

=head2 --install-command

Command to run to install dependencies. Dependencies will be appended to the
end of the command in the L<format expected by cpanm|cpanm/"(arguments)">.
Defaults to just C<cpanm>.

=head2 --recommends / --no-recommends

Install recommended dependencies (or don't). Defaults to on.

=head2 --suggests / --no-suggests

Install suggested dependencies (or don't). Defaults to off.

=head1 CAVEATS

If authordeps are installed but not of a sufficient version, they will be
updated but the old version will remain in memory so the second step of the
command will fail. If this occurs, simply run the command again once the
authordeps are updated. This may be improved in the future.

=head1 BUGS

Report any issues on the public bugtracker.

=head1 AUTHOR

Dan Book <dbook@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is Copyright (c) 2017 by Dan Book.

This is free software, licensed under:

  The Artistic License 2.0 (GPL Compatible)

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Dist::Zilla::App::Command::authordeps>,
L<Dist::Zilla::App::Command::listdeps>, L<Dist::Zilla::App::Command::stale>

=cut
